first of all don't call it  for dcs , correct me if I am wrong that our skill is applicable to even ESD, PLC etc and even F&G/ SCADA (though PDF extractor needs to be modified accordingly). 
My mission is to create a set of skills which will help Instrument & Control Engineer when they design the control system. 
One skill could be that she is given an I/O list and told to design the Control System (for example Yokogawa, Honeywell, GE Fanuc, Allen Bradley etc.). First she will use I/O list to decide how many I/O cards she needs. This skill will help her in allocating I/O cards to I/Os. Research the web how this can be done for DCS, ESD, F&G and PLC and suggest a wa forward for let's say Yokogawa.
Next Skill could be that she decides Marshalling cabinet size for these instruments and then do Marshalling cabinet wiring. Research the web how this can be done for Yokogawa systems. I think this agent will be quite similar to our current design.
and next Skill could be the same as our current design.
Make a comprehensive document 1.Skills.md specifying above. My idea is that user can upload the I/O list from UI and then user can select (so far only Yokogawa) which control system you want to design namely DCS, ESD, F&G , SCADA or PLC).
Bear in my mind, out skill set will do the detailed engineering work from a consultant / contractor point of view. We are not designing system from Vendor persepective this will be some other set of skills inshAllah
Also search the web to see if we should make our design better before jumping to make it an agent or it is better to define the Skills in the beginning.